Meeting Begins 12:05pm 2014-04-29

Attendance: John Rearick, Ann Greazel, Brandon Neil, Hans Hoerschelman (1:06pm)

Agenda: Camp Proposal Process

**Intent to Apply Process**

Header text:

Please fill out the *Intent to Apply* form (**deadline: May 27 11:59pm**) to propose next year’s DrupalCorn Camp. From these proposals, those chosen will be asked to submit a *Full Application* (**deadline: June 30 11:59pm**) with more in depth questions regarding your proposal. The final proposal selected will be announced at this year’s camp and applicants will be notified the week prior to this year’s camp.

You will be notified of your applicant status in about a week.

Fields (all fields required):

Leader name

Leader email

Secondary contact name

Secondary contact email

City/Region

Potential venue(s)

* List up to five potential venues. Keep in mind that past camps have been able to accommodate 200 people (one large keynote space to hold all attendees in addition to session rooms), great internet access/support, access to catering, availability, ADA accessible. Free-form text field.

"Why have it here" statement:

* In a few short paragraphs, please explain why DrupalCorn Camp should be held here"

Where does this webform live? webform.com? Current camp site? webform.com allows up to 100 submissions per month. One user. Can redirect drupalcorn.org/foo to anywhere. Brandon and John likes webform.com, Ann likes hosting webform on current camp site.

Full application to be determined at a later time.

Votes on the Table:

Do we go with the header text and fields in this document for the Intent to Apply form?

John: Yes

Brandon: Yes

Ann: Yes

Hans: Ooohhh yeeeeeahhhh (yes)

Passed

Do we host the form on webform.com?

John: Yes

Brandon: Yes

Ann: Yes

Hans: Sure why not. (yes)

Passed

Brandon will get drupalcorn.webform.com/intent and create the form.

Meeting adjourned 1:09pm 

