Attendance: Michael Hofmockel, Hans Hoerschlman, Brandon Neil, John Rearick, Ann Greazel

July 31, 2014

Proposed Agenda:

* Camp Planning IRC channel

* James Gang Fees

* Enumerate risks for DrupalCorn 2015

* Core Trust Building [tabled, out of time]

Agenda Approved 12:20

**Camp Planning IRC Channel**

#DrupalCorn-planning

#DrupalCorn-core

Vote:

John - Yes

Ann - Yes

Michael - Yes

Brandon - Yes

Hans -Yes

Hofmockel will establish channels

Followup agenda item: John - #drupalcorn should be registered 

**James Gang Fees**

Two Costs now. Before there was only one.

1. Set cost even distribution between endeavours (about $1800 total divided by number of endeavours, currently 6 = about $300/endeavour) per year

2. Tax liability, bookkeeper. Endeavour liable for a percentage of taxable revenue plus bookkeeper/endeavours

These are acceptable conditions to the DrupalCorn Core.

Followup agenda item: hofmockel - James Gang financial thank you.

**Enumerate risks for DrupalCorn 2015**

* Size and diversity of team

* Potential for burnout

* Easy to underestimate the level of work involved

* Take on a handful of changes you would like to take on, and consider using the structure used in the past for the rest

* Venue, hotel, bar proximity as a destination

* Sprint - Care and feeding of Sprinters

* Travel and non-camp time

* Sponsors effort. 

* Confusion about What is Core and what is camp business.

Vote: Give camp lead a vote during duration of camp planning process.

Michael - Yes

John - Yes

Brandon - Yes

Ann - Yes

Hans - oh sure why not

**Core Trust Building**

[Out of time]

