Meeting Begins 12:07 pm 04-24-2014

Attendance: John Rearick, Michael Hofmockel, Brandon Neil, Hans Hoerschelman, Ann Greazel

Discussion on agenda:

By-Law Process

Future camp proposal process

Archive Camp Website - Brandon will do what we discuss last meeting on github pages

Rearick will catch up meeting minutes from april 1 meeting.

Today’s Agenda:

Future Camp Proposal Process

Agenda agreed at 12:16pm

**Future Camp Proposal Process**

How to decide on location/leader of future camps. Core discusses a potential process;

The core committee would like to get this in place for this year, giving next year’s camp a full year to plan.

1. submit an intent to apply that includes 40k ft perspective (~8 weeks before current year camp)

Intent is created as a webform with the form fields:

Leader, second, location (city?), potential venues, "Why have it here" statement 

Possible deadline for intent to submit

May 26th (memorial day)

2. Based on intent submissions authors will be requested to submit an application no later than ~3 weeks before the (current year) camp.

Possible deadline for application

June 23rd

3. Core committee decides and announces on the next camp leadership and location during the current camp last thing on Saturday. 

Consider condorcet voting internally and then come to super major. This will provide a ranked fallback should we need one. Core provides a brief written reasons for choice.

Members submitted concerns:

* Advanced warning to the recipient to accept and prepare

* more options is better (don’t force decisions at the intent stage). 

* no contract at time of application - a tentative venue contract to hold dates is ok but is not required

* core members need to actually vet the application claims

* Across the river is not a blocker location - Omaha for instance

* Can we get this together this year? We are going to try.

* Marketed appropriately

* discussion of voting system condorcet (ranked) vs super majority

* Open-ended feedback from community about where people would like to see the camp. Like DrupalCon’s survey. Where would you like to see the camp? Where do you think the camp would be successful? Helps core know about local community support.

Next Core meeting Tuesday 4-29-2014 at noon

Meeting adjourned 1:00pm
