Present: John Rearick, Michael Hofmockel, Ann Greazel, Brandon Neil, Hans Hoeselman

Guests: 2015 Team: DeWane Purdy, Charles Sanders,  Rob Green, Ryan Murphy, Jeni Colsch

proposed the following agenda:

* Congratulate them.

* Everyone talk about themselves - go slow.

* Our role is support for the camp. DrupalCorn Core mission is to protect the brand and success of Drupalcorn 2015. DrupalCorn core mission is not to organize the camp.

* DrupalCorn Camp 2015 team role is to lead the effort of a successful camp by building on past experience.

* DeWayne as leader will need to attend DrupalCorn core meetings as he can.

* Set next meeting.

Agenda Approved 12:09

* Congratulations!

* Introductions

Michael

DeWane Purdy - UNI University Relations.

Charles Sanders - Developer at UNI University Relations

Ryan Murphy - UNI ITS

Rob Green - IDEX Corpt, soon UNI Library

Hans - UI Dev, JamesGang Board, 460 Design, DCorn 2012 steer, 2013 (@UI) Co-lead

Jeni Colsch

Brandon - Used to be UNI. Now UofI. DCorn since 2012, 2013 Camp Co-lead

Ann - ISU Extension. Got involved since 2012

John Rearick - ISU CALS. Does everything, Camp since 2012

* Roles to lead the effort of a successful camp

Role of Core. Keeping DrupalCorn brand and ideas

First (Second?) time running a camp with core support

Camp continues to grow: ~65 (2011), ~100 (2012), ~115(2013), 

Manage resources for things that exist from camp to camp. E.g. bank account, supplies.

* Their role is to lead the effort of a successful camp by building on past experience.

Next steps for UNI folks, organize group and responsibilities based on previous years.

How to Choose date?

Try to work with other camps to not schedule at the same time

Avoid other larger events in the area, such as RAGBRAI, Iowa Games, Iowa State Fair, etc.

Venue availability

1 year out is ahead of the game

* DeWayne as leader will need to attend DrupalCorn core meetings as he can.

* Next meeting

After current camp. 

2014 debrief noon July 30. 2015 invited

Core meeting between.

2015 Kickoff, Aug 5. Details of the last years of the camp. 2015

