Meeting Begins 12:05pm 04-01-2014

Attendance: John Rearick, Michael Hofmockel, Brandon Neil, Ann Greazel

Quorum was met

Discussion on agenda

New business

* By-Law Process

* Archive Camp Sites

* Post Camp Code of Conduct and Policy to GitHub 

Old business

* Storing Sensitive Information

* Virtual meeting Service

Agenda agreed at 12:15pm

**By-Law Process**

Should be as open as possible - brandon

Who has voting right? - Brandon

Brandon wants by-laws voted on by the 2014 camp

Michael thinks it should stay in core. Decisions should not be limited to a specific camp

Want community feedback and involvement somehow.

Discussion tabled for next meeting

**Archive Camp Site**

Michael has done all the archiving with sitesucker

Brandon has tool for static Site [https://sculpin.io/](https://sculpin.io/)

Acquia only has one document root

Brandon suggest github pages (Free)

Brandon will work on archiving an old camp 2013 to there to test.

**Post Camp Code of Conduct and Policy to GitHub **

Post [http://2014.drupalcorn.org/policies](http://2014.drupalcorn.org/policies) document to DrupalCorn GitHub account. Vote

All: Yes

John will do

**Storing Sensitive Information**

KeePass password Locker.

KeePass database in core folder of Google Drive. Password shared with committee members present. This is only for core committee. 

If compromised or password needs reset-revoked. In that case all passwords should be changed.

Other KeePass DBs can be created for other purposes if needed.

Google Drive local sync app is the best way to use it.

**Virtual meeting Service**

Better or worse than zoom?

Ann - Better - Google Docs integration is great

John - Everyone can share screen/doc/whatever at the same time.

Michael - Seems good.

Vote: Using Google Hangout for future Core meetings

John - Yes

Ann- Yes

Michael Yes

Brandon - Yes

Hangouts limits to 10?

Camp meetings sticking with zoom.

Doodle for next meeting time.

Meeting adjourned 1:05pm
