**Proposed Agenda:**
Static website hosting  
Treasurer Report  
Brief update of DrupalCorn Camp plans  
Storage of DrupalCorn Camp supplies  
Discuss if we want to add more @drupalcorn.org lists for 2015+  
Password Sync.  


**Meeting Begins:** 7:47pm

**Attendance:**  
John  
Genevieve  
DeWayne  
Hans  


**Static Website Hosting**

DNS has moved to Namecheap. Suggest going with Hans. Able to do vhosts. Account will have to be under a domain (static.drupalcorn.org). CNAME for each year.

**Vote:** Moving to Hans for static hosting of flattened sites. Eg. 2012.drupalcorn.org. Second Purdy

Rearick: Yes  
Genevieve: Yes  
Hans: Abstain  
Purdy: Yes  
Greazel: Yes (via email 01-26-2016)  
Neil: Yes (via email 01-27-2016)  

**Treasurer Report**

$500 over budget for 2015. 

Current checking account balance: $2,789.08

James Gang dues. Down \$50. Will be \$250 this year. Future years \$30 rebate for perfect attendance to James Gang meetings.

Workflow for paying deposit. Hans has card and checkbook. 



**Brief update of DrupalCorn Camp plans**

About $2500 total. Kirkwood Regional Center, Iowa City  http://www.kirkwood.edu/johnsonregional

Floorplans on 2016 folder.

DeWanye think UNI ITS has $1000 “professional development” fund for tickets.

**Storage of DrupalCorn Camp supplies**

Currently DeWayne has all the supplies and stuff in UNI UR. Should we look into storage space? Kind of much to ask next year’s camp to hold it. Hans thinks there may be space at his office or perhaps somewhere else at UofI. DeWayne, send Hans picture of volume estimate 4ft x 4ft x 6ft.  

Hans will check on storage space.


**Discuss if we want to add more @drupalcorn.org lists for 2015+**

All emails go to info@ or personal email accounts. Would like to have subcommittee lists:

sponsors@drupalcorn.org  
speakers@drupalcorn.org  

Doesn’t go against google’s number of users limitations. Only question is who goes on these lists?


**Password Sync**

DeWayne looked at it. LastPass: sharing, mobile.  Which Plan can we use? Do we need to buy a plan.
 
Enterprise plan $24/user/yr  
Permium $12/yr  

Can possibly “share” an account.

See an Non-profit/education account option. 30% discount. For 6 people is about $100. Does a regent’s institution already have this?

DeWayne will get back to us about what UNI ITS is using.


Adjourned: 8:30
